(soothing music)
♪ 'Cause it's a bitter
sweet symphony, this life ♪
♪ Trying to make ends meet ♪
♪ You're a slave to the
money, then you die ♪
♪ I'll take you down the only
road I've ever been down ♪
♪ You know the one that
takes you to the places ♪
♪ Where all the veins meet, yeah ♪
♪ No change, I can change,
I can change, I can change ♪
♪ But I'm here in my mould,
I am here in my mould ♪
♪ But I'm a million different people ♪
♪ From one day to the next ♪
♪ I can't change my mold ♪
♪ Well, I've never prayed ♪
♪ But tonight I'm on my knees, yeah ♪
♪ I need to hear some sounds
that recognize the pain in me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I let the melody shine,
let it cleanse my mind ♪
♪ I feel free now ♪
♪ But the airwaves are clean ♪
♪ And there's nobody singing to me now ♪
♪ No change, I can change,
I can change, I can change ♪
♪ But I'm here in my mould,
I am here in my mould ♪
♪ And I'm a million different people ♪
♪ From one day to the next ♪
♪ I can't change my mould,
no, no, no, no, no ♪
♪ Have you ever been down ♪
♪ I can't change it you
know, I can't change it ♪
♪ 'Cause it's a bitter
sweet symphony this life ♪
♪ Trying to make ends meet ♪
♪ Trying to find some
money, then you die ♪
♪ You know I can change, I can change ♪
♪ I can change, I can change ♪
♪ But I'm here in my mould,
I am here in my mould ♪
♪ And I'm a million different people ♪
♪ From one day to the next ♪
♪ I can't change my mould,
no, no, no, no, no ♪
♪ It's just sex and violence,
melody and silence ♪
♪ Gotta, can't change my
violence, melody and silence ♪
♪ I'll take you down the only
road I've ever been down ♪
♪ Gotta, can't change my
violence, melody and silence ♪
♪ I'll take you down the only
road I've ever been down ♪
♪ Gotta, can't change my
violence, melody and silence ♪